= myimdb

Utility gem for fetching movie details.

== Usage

=== Command line

==== Command line info for a movie

  ~> myimdb the dark knight
  ====================================================
  Imdb details for: the dark knight
  ====================================================
  Directors       : Christopher Nolan
  Writers         : Jonathan Nolan, Christopher Nolan
  Rating          : 8.9
  Votes           : 420667
  Genres          : Action, Crime, Drama, Thriller
  Tagline         : Why So Serious?
  Plot            : Batman, Gordon and Harvey Dent are forced to deal with the chaos unleashed by an anarchist mastermind known only as the Joker, as it drives each of them to their limits.
  Year            : 2008
  Release Date    : 2008-07-18


==== Catalogue a movie directory

  ~/m> ls
  the dark knight
  ~/m> myimdb-catalogue the\ dark\ knight/ 
  "Fetching metadata for: the dark knight"
  "Renaming: the dark knight to: the dark knight [2008] [8.9,420667] [Christopher Nolan]"
  ~/m> ls
  the dark knight [2008] [8.9,420667] [Christopher Nolan]


==== As a library

  >> require 'myimdb'
  => true
  >> search_result = Myimdb::Search::Google.search_text('the dark knight', :restrict_to=> 'imdb.com')[0]
  => {"GsearchResultClass"=>"GwebSearch", "title"=>"<b>The Dark Knight</b> (2008)", "url"=>"http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0468569/", "cacheUrl"=>"http://www.google.com/search?q=cache:6zAp1ivBuzEJ:www.imdb.com", "content"=>"Directed by Christopher Nolan. With Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Aaron Eckhart.   Batman, Gordon and Harvey Dent are forced to deal with the chaos unleashed <b>...</b>", "visibleUrl"=>"www.imdb.com", "unescapedUrl"=>"http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0468569/", "titleNoFormatting"=>"The Dark Knight (2008)"}
  >> site = Myimdb::Scraper::Imdb.new(search_result['url'])
  => #<Myimdb::Scraper::Imdb:0x1023a2e80 @url="http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0468569/">
  >> site.rating
  => 8.9
  >> site.votes
  => 420667
  >> site.release_date.to_s
  => "2008-07-18"


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Gaurav Sharma. See LICENSE for details.
